What are you doing, hillbilly?
President Wan called Master Wan
I am the young man of Master Wan now
I'm really not afraid of being born
Really, I don't know how high the sky is
Master, please come on stage
Is this kid really Master Wan?
Man Yue is not an ordinary person
You don't believe it
Father-in-law
The door broke through
What can we do about this?
You ask Lao Tzu
How do I know
ten thousand less
I am Chaozhen, the head of the Cao family. I hope in the future.
We have a happy cooperation.
Mr. Cao
I'm afraid I don't have that much face
Continue to cooperate with your Cao family
Oh, Master Wan
It was all my fault before
I really didn't know you were Master Wan
He's my son
It's all his good work.
He Yanghe, come up for me
Hello Wan Shao
I was wrong.
I look down on people
Forgive me, forgive our Cao family
You unfilial son!
It's all you
I offended people
Damn you